---
title: FUZE 5
layout: post
author: toby.wonnacott
permalink: /fuze-5/
source-id: 1c6P36xj9pb4NcEnW-bUZyrfdY0MBUmLRRnbLG_TyW58
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>FUZE 5</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>01/01/01</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Page 49</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Page 54</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes I got to page 59</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td> The strategies that were effective in this lesson were not to be distracted by our github pages and making them look nice, but carrying on with our FUZE work. As me and my partner both wanted to make the finishing touches on our blogs, we decided to take turns on the FUZE whilst  the other person worked on their blog. When it came to the reading parts of the FUZE manual we both made sure to read the extra bits making sure we had the knowledge of what the code we were writing was. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The thing that limited my learning was being able to start off from the place me and partner got to in the lesson the week before. This is because my partner had forgotten our memory stick that we used in the other lesson, so we both took full responsibility and bought a new one from the shop. This caused us to only being able to start on the end of our last code and us having to put the two codes together to make the final piece. The habits I need to work on are remembering to bring the memory stick each week, and if I wasn't able to remember then just keep it in my pocket throughout the week.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The thing I would change for next time is bringing the memory stick in each week, improving my learning by letting me and my partner work from the place we got to the week before. The benefits of this are that we can work straight from the right place and see the final result of our code in the lesson.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


