---
title:  FUZE3
layout: post
author: toby.wonnacott
permalink: /-fuze3/
source-id: 1q_p4oukOIIMBnb8J7OpGOdqvaVqNvIlvvoDc1cdJ9r8
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Progressing in FUZE</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>06/10/160</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Page 38</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To be at page 43</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes (got to page 45)</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt by reading through the FUZE manual and taking in what was said. Then me and my partner completed the tasks that were set. The strategies that were effective were reading the extra bits in the manual meaning we had a better understanding of what the code we wrote actually did and what bits of the code did different things.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The things that limited my learning were being able to think my way through the problems in our code and finding out what made it happen. Sometimes we had to read carefully through the code checking everything was OK before finding the error in our code.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will write the code out carefully and not make any mistakes, therefore saving us much more time meaning that we could fit more work into a lesson. To improve my learning I will carry on reading the extra bits that I normally miss out to save time as I will gradually learn what each piece of code means.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


